pinky with rudy Gay and Rudy we got to
say time flies it just seems like it was
a couple of weeks ago we met you for the
first time in media what playing on USA
basketball and it was for the dumb the
team last year and it was a chance for
new players being looked at and observed
but now this is a brand new day so to
speak there's a lot of work to be done
in a very short time yeah I mean it does
seem like it was just yesterday to
happen but you know my whole season has
gone by all of us are gotten a lot
better and you know I'm just ready to
get this get it started they say
practice yesterday seemed to be a very
competitive offering for the players
around the core they wrote about and we
kind of read it right up to see what was
happening it looked to be a very very
good day well well all competitors we're
going to push each other every day and
the more we push each other the better
we are going to be overseas so you know
it's great to be pushing each other and
we're gonna continue doing okay and
speaking with the the management the
Directorate here coach your chef scheme
Jerry Colangelo all the coaches that are
here when they've had their sessions
with you as players and they asked you
to step into a certain role on this team
yeah I mean I think my role is a little
different you know me and Katie kind of
the same role as being the versatile
players and do different things and you
know what if that means getting extra
minutes or you know playing out there a
little bit more that's what I have to do
but um you know it's you know I just
like I just I'm just happy to have us a
month so you certainly put on a show at
last year's low and white game and I
would say a very good productive game
I'll put it that way not so much a show
but a very good effort I know you're
gonna try to duplicate that this year
definitely definitely you know again
whatever whatever help this team win you
know it's a good experience for me you
know as a player I think I've learned a
lot since last year you know I learned a
lot more to some okay i roadied now the
memphis grizzlies of course your home
team your team that you were contracted
to play for your thoughts on the
Grizzlies is draft and looking down the
road for the season you know we drift
two guys
xavier henry and Greivis Vasquez and no
those guys have to come in knowing that
they have to help us get to the next
level and you know from now on you know
everybody that comes and has to be a
part of us getting there and yourself
your contract situation now who's been
settled you're good to go and ready to
ready to rumble well yeah that's behind
me and I'm just ready to rock now okay
Rudy will talk to you during course of
the camp thank you very much